[DependencyInjection] Add note about not using autowire with ServiceSubscriber (#20961)
symfony/symfony-docs: service_container/service_subscribers_locators.rst

    The :class:`Symfony\\Contracts\\Service\\ServiceCollectionInterface` was
    introduced in Symfony 7.1.

Without autoconfiguration

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: not sure we need a headline here, WDYT of
```rst
.. note::

    If you are not using autoconfiguration you need to require either ``Psr\Container\ContainerInterface`` or ``Symfony\Contracts\Service\ServiceProviderInterface`` as a ``__construct`` argument or as a method call like ``setContainer(Psr\Container\ContainerInterface $container)``.
```

Author: Yes I think you are right. I started like this and changed for no good reason. will update

    The :class:`Symfony\\Contracts\\Service\\ServiceCollectionInterface` was
    introduced in Symfony 7.1.

> Without autowire

Reviewer 2: maybe this?
```suggestion
Manually wiring a locator
```

Reviewer 2: or a `.. note::` indeed as suggested by Oskar

Author: is it possible to add code block in a note ?

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> If you are not using autowire you need to require either ``Psr\Container\ContainerInterface`` or ``Symfony\Contracts\Service\ServiceProviderInterface`` as a ``__construct`` argument or as a method call like ``setContainer(Psr\Container\ContainerInterface $container)``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are not using autowiring, you need to reference the special ``Psr\Container\ContainerInterface`` service where the locator should be inject (typically as a constructor argument.)
```

> .. code-block:: diff

Reviewer 2: I guess a `.. configuration-block::` would be preferable, since this diff applies to nothing currently?
